materials/SCQH for v3 strategy - why do the revision.md, before:

---
created: 2022-11-20
date: 
url: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vnWtHxNkahW_r2FcpJMYEs-Fvv8dhrJnisqAeewHjP8/edit#heading=h.896esb8uetom
doctype: gdoc
published: 
description: SCQH for doing a v3 update of the Life Itself strategy
version: "3"
level: meta
form: scqh
completion: incomplete
---
![[scqh-for-v3-update.png]]

## Notes

Summary
- **Situation** – post-2020: strategy was starting Hubs + catalysing big vision conversations
- **Complication** – too high level in our brand and our offer and not specific enough in our audience (i.e. in both call to actions and especially in topics) and hubs not working (partly as a result of that, partly because hard and too early)
- **Question** – What is our new strategy?
- **Hypothesis**
  - High-level strategy largely unchanged from [[Overall SCQH 2021]]
  - Meso/micro-level strategy got significantly updated, as per [[Big strategy mid-2022]]
  - 

## Links

- Issue tree coggle for what is the new strategy: https://coggle.it/diagram/Y3IJZ_nDY3PfaFPG/t/life-itself-v3-strategy-revision-what%27s-not-changemakers


![[../assets/scqh-for-v3-update-issue-tree-coggle.png]]

Commit message:

[materials][s]: update / correct info on list of materials oct 2021 and a few other ones.

materials/SCQH for v3 strategy - why do the revision.md, after:

---
created: 2022-11-20
date: 
url: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vnWtHxNkahW_r2FcpJMYEs-Fvv8dhrJnisqAeewHjP8/edit#heading=h.896esb8uetom
doctype: gdoc
published: 
description: SCQH for doing a v3 update of the Life Itself strategy
version: "3"
level: meta
form: scqh
completion: incomplete
---
![[scqh-for-v3-update.png]]

## Notes

Summary
- **Situation** – post-2020: strategy was starting Hubs + catalysing big vision conversations
- **Complication** – too high level in our brand and our offer and not specific enough in our audience (i.e. in both call to actions and especially in topics) and hubs not working (partly as a result of that, partly because hard and too early)
- **Question** – What is our new strategy?
- **Hypothesis**
  - High-level strategy largely unchanged from [[Overall SCQH 2021]]
  - Meso/micro-level strategy got significantly updated, as per [[Big strategy mid-2022]]
### Issue tree

Coggle for what is the new strategy: https://coggle.it/diagram/Y3IJZ_nDY3PfaFPG/t/life-itself-v3-strategy-revision-what%27s-not-changemakers

![[../assets/scqh-for-v3-update-issue-tree-coggle.png]]

Spreadsheet version

![[../assets/scqh-for-v3-update-issue-tree-sheet.png]]

### List of materials

Also produced a list of existing materials in [[Oct 2021 Consolidated List of Materials]]

![[Oct 2021 Consolidated List of Materials]]
